src/content/work/booki.md, before:

---
title: Booki
publishDate: 2023-10-01 10:00:00
img: /assets/booki.webp
img_alt: Illustration Booki
visit_link: /Booki-DK-OC-IW-P3/
code: https://github.com/dahmani-karim/Booki-DK-OC-IW-P3
description: |
  A travel agency website.
tags:
  - HTML5
  - CSS3
  - Responsive Design
---

> Create a travel agency's homepage with HTML & CSS

## Scenario

Dans ce projet, j'ai créé la page d'accueil d'une agence de voyage en utilisant HTML et CSS. 

Ma mission principale était d'intégrer l'interface responsive de leur site. J'ai eu à ma disposition les maquettes Figma pour mobile, tablette et desktop, ainsi que les images et une note de synthèse sur les spécificités du projet.

J'ai été amené à créer mes propres composants d'interface avec HTML et CSS afin d'avoir un rendu correspondant à la maquette.

Cela m'a donné une compréhension plus profonde de la manière dont le code est structuré et stylisé pour répondre aux exigences de design.

En travaillant sur ce projet, j'ai développé des compétences essentielles en design responsive, assurant que la page d'accueil fonctionne bien sur tous les appareils et tailles d'écran.

### Work done

- Intégrer du contenu conformément à une maquette avec HTML et CSS
- Implémenter une interface responsive avec HTML et CSS
- Installer un environnement de développement front-end

Commit message:

Update translation of projects and about page

src/content/work/booki.md, after:

---
title: Booki
publishDate: 2023-10-01 10:00:00
img: /assets/booki.webp
img_alt: Illustration Booki
visit_link: /Booki-DK-OC-IW-P3/
code: https://github.com/dahmani-karim/Booki-DK-OC-IW-P3
description: |
  A travel agency website.
tags:
  - HTML5
  - CSS3
  - Responsive Design
---

> Create a travel agency's homepage with HTML & CSS

## Scenario

In this project, I created the homepage for a travel agency using HTML and CSS.

My main task was to integrate the responsive interface of their site. I had access to Figma mockups for mobile, tablet, and desktop, as well as the images and a summary note on the project specifications.

I created custom interface components using HTML and CSS to match the design mockups.

This gave me a deeper understanding of how code is structured and styled to meet design requirements.

Working on this project, I developed essential skills in responsive design, ensuring that the homepage functions well on all devices and screen sizes.

### Work done

- Integrated content according to a mockup using HTML and CSS
- Implemented a responsive interface with HTML and CSS
- Set up a front-end development environment
